auth: Drop validation from "auth profiles" command (#5216)
databricks/cli: .nextchanges/cli/auth-profiles-validate.md

> * `databricks auth profiles` now explains why a profile is not valid. The JSON output keeps the boolean `valid` field (backwards compatible) and adds a `valid_reason` string explaining a `valid: false` result — the full underlying error when validation fails, or a note when it was skipped via `--skip-validate` (empty only on success). The text table's Valid column now renders `YES` (validated), `NO` (validation failed), or `??` (validation skipped via `--skip-validate`). Each profile is validated with a 10s timeout so a single dead host no longer stalls the listing.

Author: ```suggestion
* `databricks auth profiles` now explains why a profile is not valid in the JSON output and shows `??` in the Table output when invoked with `--skip-validate` ([#5216](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/5216)).
```

Author: Applied your suggested wording in 628ba41987.
